[DISCO-2169] Delete CircleCI approval task for prod deployment (#250)
mozilla-services/merino-py: docs/dev/release-process.md

# The Release Process

This project currently follows a [Continuous Deployment][continuous_deployment] process.

[continuous_deployment]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_deployment

> Whenever a commit is pushed to this repository's `main` branch, the deployment pipeline kicks in, deploying the changeset to the [`stage` environment](../firefox.md#stage) and subsequently the [`production` environment](../firefox.md#production)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a commit is pushed to this repository's `main` branch, a CircleCI workflow is triggered which performs code checks and runs automated tests. The workflow additionally builds a new Docker image of the service and pushes that Docker image to the Docker Hub registry (this requires all previous jobs to pass). 
```
